How could you hear it?
Don't worry about it.
That's not possible.
I didn't let you hear it.
Who gave you this?
I see, Miss Hou.
He must have stolen it.
Call the police!
Wu Limin, are you crazy?
What evidence do you have that I stole it?
Who would be stupid enough to take care of a neurocut?
I don't know if someone found a rich woman to take care of
After all, find a rich woman to take care of
How about decades less struggle?
Haha Wu Limin
That's what others say
You forgot about yesterday
How did the derelict change from the land?
Out
cut
It's not that you sold a broken box with blue smoke from your ancestral grave
So much money
That little money
It is better for Lao Hou to be robbed by any one of the commissioners
Yang Min, you stinky dick, that's all there is to it
You don't tell me the origin of this invitation
I won't let you in.
This is what Mr. Sheng gave me
How is it possible for Mr. Sheng?
Impossible, how could Mr. Sheng give you such a thing?
The invitation is from me to Mr. Yang
Is there a problem?
Miss Hou
Master Yang is here with me to celebrate my birthday
This time he has the qualifications to bet against Liang Shao, right?